C - C is an imperative (procedural) language. It was designed to be compiled using a relatively straightforward compiler,
to provide low-level access to memory, to provide language constructs that map efficiently to machine instructions, 
and to require minimal run-time support. C was therefore useful for many applications that had formerly been coded in 
assembly language, such as in system programming.

Java - Java is a computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, and specifically 
designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to let application developers "write 
once, run anywhere" (WORA), meaning that code that runs on one platform does not need to be recompiled to run on another. 
Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode (class file) that can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) 
regardless of computer architecture.

PHP - PHP code can be simply mixed with HTML code, or it can be used in combination with various templating engines 
and web frameworks. PHP code is usually processed by a PHP interpreter, which is usually implemented as a web server's 
native module or a Common Gateway Interface (CGI) executable.

JavaScript - JavaScript (JS) is a dynamic computer programming language. It is most commonly used as part of web 
browsers, whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate 
asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed. It is also being used in server-side network 
programming (with Node.js), game development and the creation of desktop and mobile applications.

C++ - C++ is often considered to be a superset of C, but this is not strictly true. Most C code can easily be made 
to compile correctly in C++, but there are a few differences that cause some valid C code to be invalid or behave 
differently in C++. For example, C allows implicit conversion from void* to other pointer types, but C++ does not 
(for type safety reasons). Also, C++ defines many new keywords, such as new and class, which may be used as identifiers 
(for example, variable names) in a C program.

Python - Like other dynamic languages, Python is often used as a scripting language, but is also used in a wide range 
of non-scripting contexts. Using third-party tools, such as Py2exe or Pyinstaller, Python code can be packaged into 
standalone executable programs. Python interpreters are available for many operating systems.

Rubi - Ruby is said to follow the principle of least astonishment (POLA), meaning that the language should behave in 
such a way as to minimize confusion for experienced users. Matsumoto has said his primary design goal was to make a 
language which he himself enjoyed using, by minimizing programmer work and possible confusion. 

C# -  C# is one of the programming languages designed for the Common Language Infrastructure. C# is built on the 
syntax and semantics of C++, allowing C programmers to take advantage of .NET and the common language runtime.